1. Random Password (Solved—33 Lines) 
Write a function that generates a random password. The password should have a random length of 
between 7 and 10 characters. Each character should be randomly selected from positions 33 to 126 
in the ASCII table. Your function will not take any parameters. It will return the randomly 
generated password as its only result. Display the randomly generated password in your file’s 
main program. Your main program should only run when your solution has not been imported into 
another file.
Hint:
i. You may want to read up on the ASCII table if you have not already. 
ii. You will probably find the chr function helpful when completing this exercise. Detailed 
information about this function is available online.


Level: Intermediate/Hard (An interview question I had to do)
2. Check a Password (Solved—40 Lines) 
In this exercise you will write a function that determines whether or not a password is good. 
We will define a good password to be a one that is at least 8 characters long and contains at 
least one uppercase letter, at least one lowercase letter, and at least one number. Your function 
should return true if the password passed to it as its only parameter is good. Otherwise it should 
return false. Include a main program that reads a password from the user and reports whether or not 
it is good. Ensure that your main program only runs when your solution has not been imported into 
another file.


3. Random Good Password (22 Lines) 
Using your solutions to Exercises 1 and 2, write a program that generates a random good password 
and displays it. Count and display the number of attempts that were needed before a good password 
as generated. Structure your solution so that it imports the functions you wrote previously and then 
calls them from a function named main in the file that you create for this exercise.


Level: Hard
4. Caesar Cipher (Solved—35 Lines) 
One of the first known examples of encryption was used by Julius Caesar. Caesar needed to provide 
written instructions to his generals, but he didn’t want his enemies to learn his plans if the 
message slipped into their hands. As result, he developed what later became known as the Caesar 
Cipher.
The idea behind this cipher is simple (and as a result, it provides no protection against modern code 
breaking techniques). Each letter in the original message is shifted by 3 places. As a result, A 
becomes D, B becomes E, C becomes F, D becomes G, etc. The last three letters in the alphabet are 
wrapped around to the beginning: X becomes A, Y becomes B and Z becomes C. Non-letter characters are 
not modified by the cipher. Write a program that implements a Caesar cipher. Allow the user to supply 
the message, and then display the shifted message. Ensure that your program encodes both uppercase and 
lowercase letters. Your program should also support negative shift values so that it can be used both 
to encode messages and decode messages.


5. Text search
Usng the TextExample.py, import chapter one and search for all the occurences of the name 'Lara'. 
There should be 30 occurences of the name.