1. Mailing address (~9 Lines)
Create a program that displays your name and address as it would appear on mail. 
Your program does not need to read any input from the user. The format should be 
as follows:
- Name and surname
- Street address
- Postal code
- City
- Province
- Country


2. Hello (~9 Lines)
Write a program that asks the user to enter his or her name. The program should
respond with a message that says hello to the user, using his or her name.


3. Area of a Room (~13 Lines)
Write a program that asks the user to enter the width and length of a room. 
Once the values have been read, your program should compute and display the 
area of the room. The length and the width will be entered as floating point 
numbers. Include units in your prompt and output message, use meters.

4. Tax and Tip (~17 Lines)
The program that you create for this exercise will begin by reading the cost 
of a meal ordered at a restaurant from the user. Then your program will 
compute the tax and tip for the meal. Use a tax rate of 5% when computing 
the amount of tax owing. Compute the tip as 18 percent of the meal amount 
(without the tax). The output from your program should include the tax amount, 
the tip amount, and the grand total for the meal including both the tax and the 
tip. Format the output so that all of the values are displayed using two 
decimal places.

5. Odd or even
The program that you create for this exercise will begin by reading an integer
value from the user. The program will then output either "ODD" or "EVEN" 
depending on if the user's number is odd or even.

6. Sum of the First n Positive Integers (~12 Lines)
Write a program that reads a positive integer, n, from the user and then 
displays the sum of all of the integers from 1 to n. The sum of the first n 
positive integers can be computed using the formula:
sum = (n)(n + 1) 
          2

7. Fahrenheit to Celsius
Write a program that begins by reading a temperature from the user in degrees 
Fahrenheit. Then your program should display the equivalent temperature in 
degrees Celsius. The calculations needed to convert between different units 
of temperature is degrees Fahrenheit to Celsius, subtract 32 and multiply by 
0.5556 (or 5/9).
BONUS: write another program to do the reverse (Celsius to Fahrenheit).